Fix broken links in docs (#1166)
tethysplatform/tethys: docs/installation/production/docker/primer.rst

.. [#f1] See `Docker and Shipping Containers: An Imperfect Analogy <https://www.ctl.io/developers/blog/post/docker-and-shipping-containers-a-useful-but-imperfect-analogy>`_
.. [#f2] See `What is a container? | Docker <https://www.docker.com/resources/what-container>`_
.. [#f3] See `Docker overview | Docker Documentation <https://docs.docker.com/get-started/docker-overview/>`_
.. [#f4] See `Dockerfile reference | Docker Documentation <https://docs.docker.com/reference/dockerfile/>`_
.. [#f5] See `Use the Docker command line | Docker Documentation <https://docs.docker.com/reference/cli/docker/>`_

> .. [#f6] See `Docker Registry | Docker Documentation <https://docs.docker.com/retired/>`_

Reviewer: The Docker Registry has been retired in favor of CNCF Distribution (hence "retired" in the link).

```suggestion
.. [#f6] See `What is a registry | Docker Documentation <https://docs.docker.com/get-started/docker-concepts/the-basics/what-is-a-registry/>`_
```
